Edit explorer landing page (#2312)
mandiant/capa: web/explorer/README.md

## Getting Started

1. **Access the application**: Open capa explorer web in your web browser.
   You can start using capa explorer web by accessing [https://mandiant.github.io/capa](https://mandiant.github.io/capa/explorer) or running it locally by downloading the offline release from the top right-hand corner and opening it in your web browser.

2. **Import capa results**:

>     - Click on "Upload from local" to select a capa analysis document file from your computer (with a version higher than 7.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Click on "Upload from local" to select a capa analysis document file from your computer (with a version higher than 7.0.0).
      - You can generate the analysis document by running `capa.exe -j results.json sample.exe_`
```

    - Or, paste a URL to a capa JSON file and click the arrow button to load it.

>         - You can also load capa results using the `rdoc` query parameter to the URL. For example: `?rdoc=https://example.com/capa-results.json` (loading JSON and gzipped JSON (.gz) files are both supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Like for the other import mechanisms, loading of both plain (`.json`) and GZIP compressed JSON (`.json.gz`) files is supported).
```
